So people, we know it's the engine.
the piston was due to this explanation
to you is the following the motor
difference with the piston engine to the engine of the
boe says she was the piston engine is
The one I told you about is the engine.
the question of using an iron engine
combustion it requires
a propeller to generate the attraction already this
is the piston engine a turbocharged engine is to be
basically the same thing except that besides
your engine is the question that will turn s
is a turbocharged design engine that will generate
This is mine but the basics is that the engine
piston it uses a motor to use
piston bring air is if the engine turbo jet
to use the piston engine and uses a motor
jet that will turn itself anyway
are the airways but the engine and
turboprop airplane it also has a
attraction generated by the turbo already a
but it's a big part of the attraction of
a turbo propeller engine comes to is this not
of the engine but is is a fee
approximately 80% of the attraction of a
turbo engine and either by propeller and
another 20% is by jet but it is basically
that's the difference of the turboprop profession
and this
The piston uses a piston
turn the propeller and 100% of the attraction is
generated by the propeller has some
only more whole attraction generated by s
the turbo-propeller engine is what turns the
propeller is an option that has already been
is in itself a turboprop is a jet year and
remembering that the turboprop also
It has a rate the engine in getting rid of rs
also generates attraction around 20% of the
attraction of the turbo propeller engine came from
engine and the other 80% come from the propeller
beauty was talking about a driver here
cool this motor issue is important
take the necessary characteristics
for a good engine is the nautical
what are the necessary characteristics
for a good point for the radio and
necessary factors are that safety
durability little vibration economy
ease of maintenance with opacity
thermal efficiency and lightness these are the
main factors that we only have one
engine or nautical will be good but it is
asking that the lightness and the last thing
that everything that was said and everything was missing
I understand that this is the light motor
medium - more or less or less
being sure that I will say what it is
lightness to people is a very
important that we have to know so much
for our life in aviation as well as for
its probable in the defense council is
very important people are lightness and
mass power how to improve it let's
is the following people all motor
it will take what a certain mass engine
it will have to be top are O edson
both the turboprop both the issue
motor they already have a certain mass
that motorcycle is beautiful to have
a mass can be that it generates 90 of the
type 7 button as our beloved
there and eat that the pec is equip our
fleet of the neighbors in the pubis there are two
motors marking my continental
they have a dough is nothing then the dough
This mass has what the whole mass has
weight depending on the severity you have
weight, but it is this weight that mass is
important that in the nautical engine she
as small as possible until the engine
very heavy that will make a motor
too heavy will it be necessary to
attraction to get you out of
the ground and if you increase his performance
was a measurement and be aware of what the
pi fuel consumption does not need
more energy to get off the ground right
so there is not a really cool engine with
admiration
So it's all good the relationship has to
have a minimum lightness rate, ie the
power mass ratio has to be the
least possible that mean gt
it means that what the engine it has
of being has to have a mass
and have a great power.
that we mean that kaká for the
power developed in that engine in
God relationship has to be very small
the lower this higher ratio
let's give an example here for you
To understand, people, let's see an example.
here for us to understand that this cool
we have two engines one engine one engine
2 2 engine our first engine
it has a mass of 120 pounds
her 120 pounds our engine 2
it has a mass of 720 that I was
mass in the mass
underneath 10 power the engine 1
and develops 150 hp power to power
him to ride on horsepower what on horseback
of forces at 150 horses has an engine
engine 2 also 150 hp is sure people
knows that lightness is what the relationship of
mass by powers am
this is the concept of lightness and how much
the lower the better lightness of the engine knows
aeronautical engines had the slightest
is it possible to ask which of the
two is the best nautical engine
He replied that it is a sector why not
make this relationship here the relationship of
this motor 1 and 2 is as follows in
Engine 1 is the relationship of duty to know what
It's 0 08 Mega Thinks A Relationship
very light ie the lightness of it is
low that it is a good thing we sought
8 that expects to have a mass is a relation
very low lightness sure is a
Good thing you have to have a very
down means a good thing if a
class that the ideal for the nautical because
motor 2 with the defense relationship nor
calculate that calculates that goes from the
wearing clothes on the 2nd floor 4 4 v8 that
the hp to say what you mean our
time it is this little bit of lightness of
sewer 2 is very high on page 8 hp is
them to have a defense relationship with
high it means that this tone does not have
a low lightness vision of it is high logo
This engine here is not cool.
the evaluation is that the post your proof of
marks the best neurological motor
lightness and lightness is the relationship
mass power motor company
was transformed into mechanical energy
because it is connected here in our
scheme reveals that it will happen
sorry for our home
after I get off and it's called a business
that I forgot